Fix DEV mode on Safari when view transitioning to client:only components (#9000)
withastro/astro: .changeset/eighty-ladybugs-shake.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Fix DEV mode on Safari when view transitioning to `client:only` components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an error in dev mode on Safari where view transitions prevented navigating to pages with `client:only` components
```
That's for tapping me in, @martrapp! I could see something like above!

Author: Accepted! Thank you very much!
